Group Project group 12

DAY 1
research APIs
    pull data and display on page


Create sketch of the design/layout and pseudocode
    Project Proposal
        Project Title 
        Team Members
        Project description
        Sketch of the design
        APIs to be used
        Rough breakdown of tasks

Potential APIs
    Air Quality and weather data
    Energy Production photovoltaic energy systems
    Non profit charity data
    Eventbtrite or ticketmaster
    Food and Drink Categories (recipies, restaurants, alcohol, recipies)
    Geocoding 
    Government Data (census.gov)
    Colorado Data Engine
    Health (doctors in local area, influenza-like symptoms in the area)
    News (NYT, historical articles)
    Marijuana stores
    Skyscanner flight search and world currency along with google maps
    E-sports search and youtube  and google maps
    Random famous quotes, google search/wikipedia, google maps, tourism
    US national parks
    data.ny.gov
    Numbers trivia
    Crime data
    census data and restaurants on yelp
    Health/Census data and anti-vaccination

    Weather API, involving data on pollen or influenza 
    
        
Project Ideas:
    1. Mood and Food
    **Weather and Yelp, connecting mood and food, using maps, collecting data and recommending products
        -Weather API and Google maps and Yelp API
            user enters zipcode, mood 
            app generates restaurant selection based off the mood
******2.Bored and Eventbride
    ** User enters zip and mile radius 
        app generates list of free things to do on a budget via Bored API and a list of local events via Eventbrite.

            
    3.

Proposal


    Requirements
        use at least 2 APIs
        use AJAX to pull data
        Use at least one new library or technology that we havent discussed
        Create a polished front end/UI
        Meet good quality coding standards (indentation, scoping, naming, ets)
        no alerts, confirms, or prompts (look into Modals)
        incorporate some sort of repeating element (table, columns, ets.)
        Use bootstrap or an alternateive CSS framework
        Deploy your site to GitHub Pages
        Include user input validation. 
        Bonus
            use firebase for persistent data storage
            make site mobile responsive
            use an alternative CSS framework such as Materialize
            
        Metrics
            Concept
            Design
            Functionality
            Collaboration
            Presentation

        Submit project proposal for approval
        

Day 2
Develop the Project

Day 3
continue project Develop

Day 4
continue prject Develop 

day 5
prep for presentation

day 6
Presentations


Proposal

Developing this app, we will attempt to use a culmination of techniques learned to deliver the user a unique experience to combat boredom. Using Bored API and EventBrite API, we will feed users possible activities and events to do when they’re bored.

The use of the Bored API will allow the user to enter information about themselves, which will then generate an activity. Additionally, the user will also be able to search for an activity nearby, using their zip code and radius. That information will be used to pull activities that are near them, which will be displayed to the user. The user will then have the option to click on an activity that interests them which will direct them to the EventBrite website.